Within version 2, a few things have been changed and added. 
1) Firstly,  a little about the structure of all the files. One copy all the files within this folder directly into their python environment and run it (no need to remove files from folders or etc). However, if one has colleagues that want the GUI as well, but they are not very strong in the use of python, a setup-file is now created. One can run this file to create the GUI as a installer, so that other people do not need to install/use python. However, keep in mind: multiple directories are used within this setup-file, that are specific to my own computer. If one wants to use this setup-file, change these directories to the correct ones (from their own computer).

Within the GUI itself, also a few things have been changed. First, let's look at the simulation tab:
1) Added to the this tab, is the option to add a slitsize. Right now, only 1 form of slit is possible, which is the gaussian slit (for us, this one gave the nicest results).

Within the fitting tab, the following has been changed:
1) Firstly, the pathlength, slit-size, offset at 1000 cm-1 and offset at 4000 cm-1 has been set as "stuck". The reason for this is that having to fit all of these parameters makes the fitting very slow. Also, it wouldn't really make sense, as all of these parameters should remain constant for 1 machine. However, one should, to get the correct values for their own machine, get a calibration measurement and run our calibration method (Finding_Slit_and_Offset.py). For the pathlength, one will only need to measure the length of their gas-cell.
2) Secondly, the fitting procedure has been changed in two ways: Firstly, one can use the first file as a background, meaning that if one has some form of constant impurity within their measurement, one can measure it ones and use this as a constant background. The second thing that has been changed, is the addition of the "Ice-Band fitting". In our own machine, we are using a liquid nitrogen cooled detector, which has a problem with forming small ice-kristals either within or on the outside. Because of this, we see an ice-band within our spectra. Duirng our experiments, this ice melts, leading to a change of the spectra. This change can lead (depending on how long your experiment takes/how much ice has melted) to a difference in measured concentration (from a few ppm in minutes to a few 100 ppm in around a hour). To fight this problem, we have added a option to use this within the fitting procedure. Slight warning: the longer you do your measurements, the less accurate this ice-band fitting becomes, so please note that after 2 to 3 hours, this ice band can become problematic, even when fitting against it.
3) Lastly, from now on, not only .0 files are excepted as a correct experimental data file, but also .dat files. Later on, we will also try and incorporate .txt files as well as other wnated options.
